Add operator election support (#3632)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/operating-eck/operator-config.asciidoc

|debug-http-listen |localhost:6060 |Listen address for the debug HTTP server. Only available in development mode.
|development |false |Enable development mode. Only available as a CLI flag.
|disable-config-watch| false| Watch the configuration file for changes and restart to apply them. Only effective when the `--config` flag is used to set the configuration file.

> |enable-leader-election | true | Enable leader election. Enabling this will ensure there is only one active operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|enable-leader-election | true | Enable leader election. Must be set to true if using multiple replicas of the operator
```
